## Template Tags

Usually, these are easy to add here [dsa_actionkit/templatetags/actionkit_tags.py](https://github.com/dsa-ntc/actionkit-templates/blob/master/dsa_actionkit/templatetags/actionkit_tags.py) Actionkit provides implementations [here](https://roboticdogs.actionkit.com/docs/manual/guide/customtags.html)

## Contexts

If you make a context that's not covered already, please contribute with a patch to
[dsa_actionkit/contexts/](https://github.com/dsa-ntc/actionkit-templates/tree/master/dsa_actionkit/contexts) Note that these are also useful to browse to see what variables you can access from a particular page context.

## Django

For all intents and purposes, this project can be managed, run, and developed like a normal Django project. Notable deviations are listed below.

### Databases

By default, a simple SQLite database (`db.sqlite`, ignored by git) is created alongside the project. The included migrations represent models that were created from the Robotic Dogs sandbox database provided by ActionKit, mirroring the database schema.

If you'd like to connect to Robotic Dogs directly within the project for further exploration, check out the Django documentation on [multiple databases](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/5.0/topics/db/multi-db/) and include a `.env` file in your project root containing your credentials:

```
ROBOTIC_DOGS_USER=yourusername
ROBOTIC_DOGS_PASSWORD=yourpassword
```


### Project/app layout

1. The Django "project" settings live in the `dsa_actionkit` directory, which provides configurations for the apps within the project
2. Django "apps" are generated by the [`django-admin`/`manage.py`]() command and are integrated into the Django project via the `INSTALLED_APPS` setting. They can be considered normal Python packages within the project, the modules they contain may be imported accordingly. Currently, this includes `mydsa` and its contents. Usually, apps will be split out by their purpose within the project. For example, a project may have apps for Authentication, Payments System, Emails and Notifications, etc.
